DOCSP-49082 - Indexes (Comprehensive Coverage) (#623)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/indexes.txt

-----------

MongoDB provides several different index types to support querying
your data. The following steps describe the process for creating an index:

> - Use the ``IndexKeysDefinitionBuilder<TDocument>`` class, accessible through the

Reviewer: S: consider making this a numbered list

> - Use the ``IndexKeysDefinitionBuilder<TDocument>`` class, accessible through the

Reviewer: S: just to remove the vale error
```suggestion
- Use the ``IndexKeysDefinitionBuilder<TDocument>`` class, which you can access through the
```
